content/_index.md, before:

---
title: They Want Your Data
tagline: Do You Know Where Your Data Is?
lead: >
  This is some generic lead in text that captures the reader and encourages them
  to read more.
---

## Data Security in a Digital Culture

In the first half of 2018 alone, there have been
[at least 10 major data breaches][data-breaches]. This is just a symptom of a 
larger problem. As I continue to ramble here, I will continue to make points
indicating how companies are gathering increasing amounts of personal
information. The increased amounts and specificity of the gathered information
creates a lucrative target for hackers. Whether through shoddy security 
practices or the actions of a determined attacker, this data is finding its way 
into the hand of malicious actors with increasing frequency.

We will provide resources to help people better understand the types of data 
being collected, what this data is used for, and ways they can protect
themselves.


[data-breaches]: https://blog.barkly.com/biggest-data-breaches-2018-so-far

Commit message:

Add real lead-in content.

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: They Want Your Data
tagline: Do You Know Where Your Data Is?
lead: >
  More than 170 million people had their data stolen in 2017. What can you do to
  minimize your risk?
---

In 2017, [over 170 million people had their data breached][data-breaches-2017],
and inn the first half of 2018 alone, there have been
[at least 10 major data breaches][data-breaches-2018]. Our lifestyle is becoming
increasingly dependent on digital communications, communications that often
contain personally identifying information. As data gets sent and collected on
larger and larger scales, the potential for data breaches also rises.

While the companies that collect users' data hold the primary responsibility for
securing that data, there are also steps that users can take to ensure that they
minimize the fallout of a single breach. The goal of this website is to educate
those who collect the data on best practices, and to inform consumers on the
internet on how they can stay safe.


[data-breaches-2017]: https://www.statista.com/statistics/273550/data-breaches-recorded-in-the-united-states-by-number-of-breaches-and-records-exposed/
[data-breaches-2018]: https://blog.barkly.com/biggest-data-breaches-2018-so-far
